ABBY LEE:
Previously on Dance Moms...
The minis are back.
We have a new
mini member.
NIA: The last time
I had a duet with Kendall,
it didn't go over so well.
ABBY LEE:
This duet is
inspired by
Beyoncé and Lady Gaga.
NIA:
I'm not feeling very well.
Nia's sick.
You're gonna jump in.
ANNOUNCER: First place
in the teen duet category:
"Disconnected."
(crowd cheering)
ABBY LEE: The mini group routine
is entitled "Cali Cuties."
Who will win the crown?
My daughter is the
best one on this team.
You need to back the (bleep)
out of my face, bitch.
Stop! We're a team!
ABBY LEE:
The crown
goes to Areana.
Coming up on Dance Moms...
I'm not gonna be below
the minis on a pyramid.
This is stupid.
STACEY: It's kind of cool
that our girls are doing
the dance
that's close to her heart.
This is offensive.
Abby, this cannot go on stage.
So you guys don't have
a group dance this time?
We get under their skin.
They would not
be this bothered
if they were not threatened.
HOLLY: Their intent is
to take our girls down.
ANNOUNCER:
In third place...
Get out. Get out!
Are you injured in any way?
You're a role model! For who?!
♪ Livin' on the dance floor. ♪
♪ ♪
TIFFANIE:
Seems kind of quiet today.
SARI:
It's nice.
TIFFANIE: It is nice.
Do you think this week's
gonna be relaxing?
SARI (chuckles):
Probably not.
Good morning!
Oh, everybody's
in pink today.
ASHLEE: Are you guys still
fighting over a plastic tiara?
ALL:
No.
SARI:
Last week, Tiffanie's saying
that her daughter's the leader,
her daughter's in charge,
her daughter knows it best.
Thank God Abby crowned Ari.
That way, it shut Tiffanie up.
We need to act more like a team,
less drama,
and definitely win.
KERRI:
I just hope the girls get
recognized for their win
this weekend,
because our girls won
and the elites didn't.
STACEY: What'd you guys
think about the minis?
JILL: Yeah, they were cute.
They're adorable.
I'd like to see them
be stretched, yeah.
JESSALYNN:
It doesn't matter to me
what the eight‐year‐olds
are doing.
All they had
was the group number,
but JoJo did great
in the Prince tribute.
And she did great
in her duo with Brynn.
I mean, I'm thinking
this is gonna be
a great pyramid for JoJo.
ABBY LEE:
Let's go. It's pyramid time.
HOLLY:
Thank you.
All right!
We did a group routine.
We were second.
We need to get
back on top.
We had a mini team
that won; they were
first overall.
(girls cheering)
I decided to switch it up
a little bit this week.
I'm mixing up the
minis and the juniors
on the pyramid,
all right?
So, on the very bottom
of the pyramid...
...Alexus.
Can I ask why?
Why don't you look
in the mirror
and ask yourself why.
There's a thousand other people
that would take your place
in a heartbeat.
Well, you were all
in the same room.
You weren't banished
to a room in the back.
Open your mouth
and say one more word,
and your kid's
not in that number.
Next...
...Peyton.
In the choreography,
there's mistakes
that you are making.
And until you step up
to the plate,
you're always gonna be
down here somewhere.
Okay, next...
...I have Nia.
Nia, obviously you
weren't feeling well.
You were ill.
You were great
in the group.
You didn't do the duet.
Then we have...
...JoJo.
And... Brynn.
I didn't see emotion.
I didn't see if,
when your hands went up,
they were matched.
Okay, next,
moving up the pyramid,
we have Areana...
...Lilliana...
...Elliana.
The "Anas," all right?
I'm not gonna be below the minis
on a pyramid. This is stupid.
They shook their ass
in a bathing suit,
and they're on‐‐
they're higher.
There's no way.
You‐‐ I'm so mad.
No idea.
First overall, and
she's on the bottom...
They got first
in the preteen division.
They weren't first overall.
JESSALYNN: ...and she's on
the bottom of the pyramid?
You are not gonna ruin her.
You're not gonna ruin her.
ABBY LEE:
I wasn't trying to.
JESSALYNN: Yes you are.
You're not gonna ruin her.
You're taking this
way too serious.
No.
I watched you sabotage
another dancer for years.
It's not true.
You're not gonna do it to JoJo.
These girls did two numbers
that were
full of choreography; they
learned how to do Prince,
they learned
how to mirror each other.
Those kids did
a mini dance.
I'm sorry, but it's true.
ABBY LEE:
Last week,
I hobbled out here,
just after knee surgery,
and walk in, and
Jess is in here.
I'm like, "Why
are you in here?"
It's demeaning.
So the real reason
is because Jess,
not because of
how they danced.
That what you're saying?
In part, yes.
JESSALYNN: I am so pissed
at Abby right now.
She has the nerve to put my kid
below those freakin' toddlers
on the pyramid
because I stepped in,
helped her out,
and did her job for her,
while Abby was in the audience
sitting on her ass,
eating popcorn,
drinking a soda.
If Abby is gonna drop the ball,
I'm stepping in.
So, you guys...
I'm a dance teacher.
I've had a studio my whole life.
I'm not sitting
back anymore.
We're gonna make
the most of this.
Real mature, Abby.
ABBY LEE:
Moving up the pyramid,
we have Kalani.
(girls giggle)
And Kendall.
(girls whoop)
KIRA: Why do we have
one pyramid though?
'Cause we've had
the select team here...
I don't even
get it, like...
...different pyramids.
AREANA: If they want us
to have our own pyramid,
that's fine.
ABBY LEE: I am trying to teach
JoJo a lesson to work harder.
To practice more, to be better.
All the kids, but if it's gonna
be that big of a deal,
if Jess can't handle it
and she's just gonna disrupt
my pyramid session, then fine.
Going forward, there will be
two separate pyramids.
KIRA:
That makes sense.
ABBY LEE:
All right.
This week,
we're going to
a competition called
FIERCE National
Dance Competition.
We are traveling to
Phoenix, Arizona.
(girls cheering)
Home of these two.
Our hometown girls.
You're doing duets.
(girls cheering)
And the title is
"Prettier Than Poison."
(girls oohing)
We have another duet.
Nia.
Kendall.
You're doing your duet
from last week.
You're pop stars.
But I still don't think
that you are bigger
than Beyoncé or you
are greater than Gaga.
I want the people to be wowed.
Okay.
This is a very
emotional week.
For many of us, I'm sure.
It's Mother's Day.
You know, I would give
everything to be able to spend
one more Mother's Day
with my mom.
Uh, that's not possible.
I think that everybody
who has a mom that passed away
has that longing
to see them again.
My mother,
she is the founding mother
of our dance studio.
Hi, Mom.
Hi, Abby. How are you?
How are... Good, good.
How are you?
Good. Hi, dear.
You're up and at it.
Hello. How are you?
She was so... wonderful.
And when your mom's alive,
you take her for granted.
I know I did.
Girls, as mad as you get
at your moms,
they deserve...
the utmost respect
from you.
Not from me,
'cause they're not my mother.
Uh...
Mini group.
You will be performing
a lyrical routine.
(cheering)
And the name of your routine is
"Wait for Me, Mom."
We're gonna do one of those
lyrical routines
that my mother loved.
When everything
is sweet and nice,
and they're all adorned in pink,
that was her favorite thing
to look at.
I know that her spirit
is in heaven,
and she'll watch it from there.
The junior group.
The name of
your routine:
"Sun City, Arizona."
A retirement area.
Are they gonna be
old people?
(laughter)
You will be portraying
your mothers.
(girls exclaiming)
You're old!
ASHLEE:
We are way too young
to live in Sun City,
just saying.
Gianna!
(girls laughing, chattering)
All right, you're out!
Ladies, out.
JILL:
A novelty routine?
When we're going to Arizona,
where they have
really good competition?
I'm not feeling it.
Abby made it clear
the first week back
that she was going
to push our girls,
come up with thoughtful routines
to make them better.
But now, not only is she
dividing her time between
the elites and the minis,
she's pushing the minis,
with their lyrical routine,
and not the elites,
who made her a household name.
I am not okay with that.
ABBY LEE:
How are we doing ladies?
GIRLS:
Good.
Are you excited
you have a lyrical?
GIRLS: Yes!
Yes?
So, in order to do
a lyrical routine,
you guys need to really be
in sync.
And I'm not
gonna let anybody
pull this dance down.
Nobody is gonna ruin this dance.
Because
this week is
Mother's Day.
And I would give
anything in the world
if I could spend that
with my mother.
And I can't. So...
this dance
needs to be...
perfect.
Okay?
So, let's get going.
(girls cheer)
Let's do it.
Go down, down.
Just‐just...
ABBY LEE: Let's go from the top
with the music.
♪ ♪
Get in relevé on
that supporting foot.
This week, we're traveling
to Phoenix, Arizona.
There is going to be a lot
of stiff competition.
I just think it's high time
the kids prove themselves.
They've done the cutesy
little jazz thing.
They did pretty well.
Now it's time to give them
something tougher,
something more technical.
Will they make it?
Will they win?
And will everybody,
all five dancers, be able
to handle the choreography?
YOLANDA:
I think this piece
really means
a lot to Abby.
I think it's almost
like a tribute
to her own mother.
STACEY: Don't you think it's
kind of cool that our girls are
doing the dance
that's close to her heart?
TIFFANIE:
Yes, I love it.
STACEY: So, I
just think, like,
they're winning her over.
I think it's a definite sign
of things to come.
JILL:
The funny thing is
not one of those moms knew
anything about her mom.
JESSALYNN: They didn't even ask,
"Abby, tell us a story
about your mom,"
or, "What was your mom's name?"
They don't care.
KIRA:
But, Jill, nor do they care.
JILL:
No, they don't care.
KIRA:
They don't care either.
They don't care.
All they care about is
the platform that they're
building for their children.
They don't care
about the history
of what got Abby
to this place.
Okay, we have to
let you guys go.
I have to work with
the other group.
I want to play with these
a little bit
and see what all
they can do.
It's almost like
one of those shows like
The Producers or...
It's gonna be like,
"Oh, my God!"
It was just over the top.
Uh, can you do a
big back hitch kick?
Nice.
Can you get higher?
I feel so sad this week.
There's Mother's Day specials
and Mother's Day sales.
And every restaurant is having
Mother's Day brunch.
I don't want to go out
and watch a routine
that's depressing and sad.
I chose this routine because
it's good, clean, healthy fun.
(indistinct chatter)
(Gianna chuckles)
GIANNA: Don't jump, 'cause
I feel like they wouldn't jump,
they'd be like...
(chuckles):
Yeah.
Oh, my.
It is hilarious.
But do you expect them
to win with this,
or is this, like, for fun?
Um... well, they're having fun.
It's meant to be
entertaining.
What they came up with
is so comical,
and you know, in television,
for a show, that they will be
in the moment,
and they will be helpful.
You know, not everybody
gets down and rolls around
on the ground
and figures out how to get up.
They expect
their dancers to do that.
So, that's just kind of
what I'm seeing from them.
Okay, I'm gonna get on
the costumes.
KIRA: I feel like this is
gonna be the cheesiest
number ever.
And this has so much room
for error.
Teen dancers of this caliber
walk onstage
with walkers.
It's a joke
from the get‐go.
HOLLY:
How could it win in Phoenix?
Really?
JESSALYNN: No.
It can't win.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
Abby, this cannot go on stage.
HOLLY: We all decided
that none of the kids
were doing this number.
Let's go. You're ready.
Go ahead.
(gasps)
You're a role model!
For who?!
♪ ♪
How are my pop stars?
This is our beginning pose.
ABBY LEE:
Okay, you...
are emulating Beyoncé.
You both...
budding pop stars.
I just don't think you're
performing big enough yet.
You want to be what everybody
leaves talking about.
All right? Go ahead.
♪ ♪
Like, kind of, like, back.
All right, do one thing...
(whooshes)
And... (whooshes)
There you go.
It's super important to me that
I do well with this duet,
because I was sick last week,
and I want to prove
that I can do this dance.
Kendall and I‐‐
we're both striving
to be pop stars, so I think this
is a good experience for us.
♪ Hit the top ♪
♪ I'm gonna hit the top ♪
♪ I'm gonna be a pop star... ♪
ABBY LEE: Nia, your turns
aren't tight enough.
They're not clean enough.
They're not fast enough.
Kendall, I see
a fan kick
that's not as turned out,
and hip down, and this knee
not rotating as it should be.
It's the things
you've been doing for years
that you take
for granted.
JILL:
Kendall and Nia‐‐
every time they did a duet,
it was jinxed.
Something would always go wrong.
Someone would get hurt,
someone wouldn't be around,
so I think it's great
that Kendall and Nia
will have this opportunity
to do their duet.
However,
the only part of the story
about pop stars is the song.
I don't see it
in the choreography.
Abby can do so much more
with this dance.
Now, they're competing
against Brynn and Kalani,
who will be doing
some amazing lyrical routine.
We know which one
Abby wants to win.
ABBY LEE:
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Good work.
Go get a drink.
Send the other two.
It's jazz in teen category.
It's not
going to win.
It's a... I'm looking at it.
It's fun.
JESSALYNN: It's can
be entertaining.
And they'll be good.
And they'll be great, and...
And you're against the two
Arizona dancers, and she's gonna
dangle 'em and go,
"Look what I got, Arizona."
Mm‐hmm.
Yes. Exactly what it is.
ABBY LEE:
Hello, ladies.
Hello.
So you two... are snakes.
That's what I want,
that's the look.
You're the hometown girls.
This is your hometown,
so this has
to be amazing.
Okay, so can I see?
♪ ♪
Right here.
Brynn, you need
to take it over her,
and we need a back attitude high
from the right leg, something.
Start to go over.
That's good.
Watch your shape of your feet.
Don't bend your knee. There.
When the girls have something to
prove, it always lights a fire.
Kalani and Brynn have a lot
of weight on their shoulders.
Everybody's gonna have
their eyes on them,
pointing the finger,
waiting to see the outcome.
And that outcome
better be victory,
first place, overall high score.
Snake.
I don't want to just see,
mm, mm, mm, mm.
You're, like,
worried about
getting with her.
You'll get there.
Worry about you.
ASHLEE: Obviously,
Brynn and Kalani have
some skin in the game,
because they're going back
and performing
in front of people
that have watched them
for years.
But the reality is, Abby has
a lot of skin in this game, too,
because Kalani's been here
for, what, two years?
Three.
ASHLEE:
Three, and Brynn's almost
been here for a full year.
So she brings them back,
and they don't look as good
as when they left or better,
she's the one who
really is gonna end up
not looking very good.
Yeah.
And Kira and I
will look like
idiots for leaving.
Right.
Okay, good work. Good work.
♪ ♪
ABBY LEE:
This is a big deal for you,
'cause this is
a lyrical routine.
And this is where all the moms
of the juniors are gonna go...
(sputters) "They won doing
their cutesy little stuff,
"but they're a hot
mess when it comes
to really technical dancing."
And we don't want them
to say that.
Now let's go. This is
our last rehearsal
before we go to Phoenix, and
you better not be a hot mess.
♪ ♪
YOLANDA:
I am so thrilled and just,
I'm honored
that Abby would be able
to look at the connection
that we have with our girls
and give our girls‐‐
not the junior elite girls‐‐
but give our girls,
the minis,
an incredibly sensitive
and thoughtful piece.
STACEY: For some reason,
this reminds me
of, like, a Maddie.
Yes, it does.
The dance.
And that's a good thing.
I love it.
ABBY LEE:
Hold. Get it up. Pretty.
Get it up there, Elly.
Come on. Six o'clock.
Look at your supporting
foot, Elliana.
Turn... No,
face that way.
And... you're...
Does she realize what
she's doing wrong?
She should be holding Alexus, or
she needs to move up two feet.
Boom. Get it up, get it up,
get up, get up.
And...
Good. Now step through.
You two girls step through,
and everybody else
step through, too. Go.
The minis
are excited about doing
a lyrical routine.
They want to prove themselves.
They want everyone to know
that they're these advanced
technical dancers.
So, this routine
needs to be flawless.
And there's nothing
like a lyrical routine
that is going
to show your flaws.
You're reaching there,
but look at your legs open.
Why are you showing the
whole world your crotch?
Fix those knees.
No, it's across yourself.
That's two hours in there.
JILL: Is your duet done?
ASHLEE: No.
JILL:
No. There's two duets!
So we've got this much time
right now.
We have sacrificed everything
to be here, for years and years.
Our girls should be
the ones to have
the beautiful, lyrical number
as a tribute to their moms,
not these little kids.
Eight and under
rarely does lyrical,
and not for those trashy moms.
It makes no sense.
All we get
is some joke routine
poking fun at us.
It's not right.
All right, it's time for you to
go in the other room and work.
It's time for us to get
to the big kids.
Girls, let's go!
This is called
"Sun City, Arizona,"
and it's a huge
retirement village.
It's known
round the world.
This is something different
that you haven't done before.
This is pushing your range.
It's easier as an actress
to make someone cry
than it is to make people laugh,
to be funny.
All right? Go ahead.
♪ ♪
JILL:
This is really...
Stupid.
I'm not happy.
I don't know if Kendall's
deaf and blind, or what.
There's no dancing.
You know that.
JESSALYNN:
No, there's no dancing at all.
Right now...
things are not looking so great
for the group dance this week.
I'm looking at it, and I'm
thinking, "This is offensive."
That is not
how I want my child
to portray people in walkers.
KIRA: It's like
they're the minis again.
Oh, it's like a joke.
♪ ♪
JILL:
This is so bad.
Stupid. Why are we wasting
their time now?
We have to...
(laughs)
But we all have
to be in on it,
because it can't be...
Yeah. Okay.
No one can play
a Melissa and say,
"Well, my kid can do it."
Okay, let's go.
You go first.
All right.
JILL:
We're in Phoenix tomorrow
for our last day of rehearsal,
and this is what
our group dance looks like?
We don't want people to laugh
at our kids.
Abby, this cannot go on stage.
This cannot
go on stage...
Look at each other.
Just try it for me.
JILL:
We're just wasting time!
You're better than that.
Well, it's
an entertaining number.
It's not about a foot and a leg
and technique.
It's about
entertaining the audience.
It's fun.
JILL: You should have
given cute and fun
to the eight and unders.
JESSALYNN: Yeah.
Is this how you want
to represent ALDC LA?
KIRA:
You guys feel defeated
before you even go on stage?
Yeah.
Mm‐hmm.
There you go.
JILL: Well, they're gonna say
you're old and washed up.
Mm‐mm. You're not.
JESSALYNN: You're not.
KIRA: And I just don't
think that I want Kalani
to come to Arizona, because she
left there to come to you, and
to go back with this‐‐
that's... that
doesn't look good.
ABBY LEE: The moms think
that this is so offensive,
and they're getting
so worked up about it.
Having a mom and dad
that were older‐‐
my mom was 86
when she passed away‐‐
I would never, ever want
to offend any of the elderly.
I‐I mean, that's just not me.
That's not what I do.
You know, this was just
supposed to be fun.
It's a difficult week for me,
and I wanted to laugh,
and they destroyed it,
they ruined that.
ASHLEE: We won in Arizona.
These kids are
the same kids
that did that dance‐‐
minus a couple‐‐
but they won there.
ABBY LEE:
No. I'm going there
with four numbers
that are all
completely different.
Well, JoJo's not doing
this number.
Kendall's not
doing this number.
I think we all
decided that
none of the kids
are doing this number.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
JESSALYNN: It's the last day
before the competition,
and the mini moms know
we don't have a dance.
I just think
it's kind of interesting
that the first week
we actually get a lyrical,
you guys pull out
of the competition.
You are delusional.
ABBY LEE: Why not
put the girls out there,
and they improv?
♪ ♪
TIFFANIE:
This is exciting.
I'm excited to be
in a new studio.
Yeah.
Looks really fancy.
TIFFANIE: This is our first
travel trip with the ALDC.
We have been winning a lot, but
we're doing lyrical this week.
That is a lot of pressure
for our minis.
And the elite moms
have given us no support.
STACEY: You guys, what
happened yesterday?
It looked like
something happened after we had
our rehearsals.
No, we just...
decided that that dance
was completely inappropriate,
so we're not doing it.
You're not doing it?
No.
So you guys don't have
a group dance this time?
Well, I don't know.
We'll have to go in and see.
HOLLY: As of right
now, we do not.
JILL:
No, these kids are dancers,
and we came all this way.
We only have two duets.
So we'll probably
do something;
we just don't know what.
STACEY: You guys pull together
a dance in a day?
I haven't seen the dance,
so I don't know if it's
offensive or not, but it is
crystal clear that these women
are just on defense.
Has nothing to do with
the dance being offensive.
It has everything to do
with being jealous
of our little girls
doing a lyrical dance.
I just think
it's kind of interesting
that the first week
we actually get a lyrical,
you guys pull out
of the competition.
STACEY: Yeah.
You can spin it that way
if you want; that makes you
feel good, that's good.
That's fine.
JILL: You go with it.
If that makes you feel
good, that's fine.
STACEY: I mean, it seems like
you guys are just trying to
use a different excuse for why
you don't want to do that dance.
It's... You're just
using a coincidence.
JESSALYNN:
Wait, wait, wait.
So we're using the fact
that we don't want to do a dance
about handicapped people
to get out of competing
against your kids?
You are delusional.
We actually care
about the world, not your kids.
HOLLY:
As a mother whose child
was in a wheelchair,
I was offended by that.
Just a few years ago,
Nia was treated
for RND, which is reflexive
neurovascular disorder.
Nia was in a wheelchair,
she was hospital‐bound, so
a novelty routine with walkers
probably is not
in my description at all...
of what I want.
My child was in a wheelchair
and did not know
if she was ever gonna be able
to walk, let alone dance again.
I just think
it's a coincidence.
I'm just pointing it out.
JESSALYNN: No.
I think it shows
your character
that you think it's okay
to make fun of people.
I'm pretty sure
it's not what I said, but...
HOLLY:
I don't feel threatened.
I think that's
what they were trying
to needle at, trying to make us
feel threatened. Like, no.
ASHLEE:
Whatever happened, it's not
because we're scared
to compete against them.
That's what they're trying
to say to us.
That's ridiculous.
ABBY LEE: All right,
the name of this routine?
ABBY LEE:
"Wait for Me, Mom."
Move over, Lilly.
♪ ♪
Passé. Pretty.
Sauté. Run, run.
♪ Ooh, ooh... ♪
♪ Ooh, oh, oh... ♪
Hold. Two, three.
You're not taking
your corrections.
And you two‐‐
you can't have a girl
whack herself on the
side of the head,
then two more girls kick
in the side of their head,
and then you two‐‐ ugh!‐‐
barely get the bricks up there.
That's what it looks like.
And when you do your own
special part, you come up,
and you forget what to do,
and you kind of look around
dumbfounded,
and then you take your head,
and you do something weird
that doesn't make sense.
Ten times‐‐
the same corrections.
Not smart.
YOLANDA: This is the first time
the girls
were giving a lyrical piece.
They've done great in jazz.
But right now,
these girls are getting
corrected left and right.
There is a lot of pressure.
They need to prove to everyone
that they're not just
a one‐trick pony.
Good job, ladies.
ABBY LEE:
They all got corrections,
and they're not fixing them.
JESSALYNN:
Abby, tell them
to go home for five minutes
so our kids can
get worked with.
It's the last day
before the competition,
and the mini moms know
we don't have a dance.
The mature
thing to do would be to say,
"Hey, you know what, you guys?
"Let's give these juniors
some alone time with Abby.
Let's leave early."
Not these moms.
They're like nothing
I've ever met.
All that time she spent
with those minis,
and they still need more time.
JESSALYNN: Oh, my God.
JILL: And they still‐‐ I mean,
that should be writing
on the wall.
They're time suckers.
JILL:
Yeah.
ABBY LEE:
Okay.
All right, I want
to see what we have.
The moms made this decision
themselves.
They decided that their children
would not participate
in the "Sun City" dance.
Okay, fine. I get it.
But just because
they're acting like divas
doesn't mean that I'm going
to shower them
with all of my attention.
Of course I'm going to get
to the group routine,
but not until I'm finished
with everything else.
Okay, Nia, Kendall, the
duet is called "Pop Stars."
You can't go out there
and be less than
any pop star that you would
buy a ticket to go see.
Bigger than Beyoncé,
greater than Gaga.
All right, okay.
♪ ♪
Bigger!
Kendall, practice the faces!
Kendall and Nia have no idea
what's at stake here.
I mean, come on. They're real,
budding pop stars in real life.
This is a time for them
to redeem themselves.
The last time
these two had a duet‐‐
whew, it was a hot mess.
So if they don't win
with this routine,
this is gonna be the last time
those two kids
ever step on stage together
in a duet.
Supporting leg turned out on
the battement... beginning.
♪ But I'm not even
listening... ♪
This is a great dance
for the... the...
our minis to watch.
STACEY: I know. It's so sad
because their parents
are so...
Exactly.
Their moms are so mean to us,
and our kids idolize
their kids.
Right.
KERRI: Exactly.
It's actually really sad.
ABBY LEE:
Okay, um, the movement's there,
the choreography is there,
the theme is there.
People should be intimidated
by you.
Yes? All right.
Kalani and Brynn,
your duet is called
"Prettier Than Poison."
You are snakes.
That should be obvious.
All right, top. Full out.
♪ ♪
ABBY LEE:
Kalani and Brynn have
a lot of weight
on their shoulders.
We are in Phoenix, Arizona,
which is their hometown.
Everybody is
going to be watching
to see if they've improved.
Two duets going head‐to‐head.
Who is going to win?
We'll see.
(song ends)
Girls, this is
your hometown.
Right? You want this to be cool.
I think the two of you
could make it cooler.
I think your
facial expressions,
your emotion, everything,
could make this dance
unforgettable, yes?
But you need to straighten
your second leg, Brynn.
(door closes)
Hi, ladies.
Hello.
Hi.
JESSALYNN:
So what are our choices
with you
to put something on stage
this week?
ABBY LEE:
Why not put the girls
out there
and... they improv?
All right.
I got to get my mind
straight for this group.
JILL:
I am thrilled that Abby isn't
making the girls do
the dance with the walkers.
However, doing improv,
here in Arizona,
isn't gonna work.
It's the end of the day,
and the girls haven't even
started their routine.
They really need Abby
to put something cohesive
together,
because competition
is in less than 24 hours.
Righties on this side,
lefties on this side.
You're going to show me,
and then I'm gonna stage it.
That's all I'm doing.
I'm staging it.
Okay.
ABBY LEE: You're on
the swim team. It's a relay.
Okay?
You hand the baton
and somebody else goes.
In essence,
that's what we're doing, okay?
So you're gonna
be in lane two.
And you're gonna work your
way downstage to lane one.
You're gonna
work back across
lane one.
Just keep walking that
and kind of figure out
what you're gonna do.
Oh, no, no, no,
they have big problems.
Really big problems.
You can't just let
your kid do anything.
HOLLY: We're doing our jobs
as mothers.
Abby's supposed to be doing
her job as a dance teacher.
JILL: They can learn
choreography in five minutes.
HOLLY: You mean
they don't need 12 hours?
JILL: No.
JESSALYNN: No. No.
ASHLEE:
They don't even need an hour.
Just give them 30 good minutes.
All right, girls,
this is great.
We're dismissing then.
This is our record.
They're done, they're done.
Kendall just said,
"We're done."
HOLLY: That's not okay.
KIRA: No, it's not good.
It's not good.
HOLLY:
And you know what,
this is supposed to be
Mother's Day weekend.
There shouldn't be heartache.
JILL:
Really?
All they've done
is walked around and posed.
They looked confused, and then
they all called it quits.
I have no clue
what the girls are gonna
put on stage tomorrow.
And to top it all off,
we're in Phoenix.
If this is what Abby wants
for her team, shame on Abby.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
HOLLY: Nia and Kendall have
something to prove to Abby.
Can they have
a fabulous performance?
ANNOUNCER:
Up next, from ALDC, "Why Wait?"
(cheering)
(crowd cheering, screaming)
They're segregating?
JESSALYNN: We're in Arizona
at a super hard competition.
There's a lot
of good dancers here.
There's a lot of good studios.
And our kids are putting
a dance on stage
that they self‐choreographed
in a hotel room.
Let's face it,
Abby didn't have time
to come up with a better dance
because she was
spending so much time
with these minis.
So, do you think I want
to walk in there with them?
Um, no. Not happening.
ABBY LEE:
Okay.
So, you guys go in here,
junior elite team.
And minis, let's get
you guys in there.
Okay.
I've never seen a team
so segregated like this.
SARI:
I could feel the pressure
and the tension
from all of them.
TIFFANIE: They didn't even
want to look at us.
SARI: They didn't want
to walk with us.
They waited until
we walked in with Abby.
YOLANDA: It's absolutely
nauseating, honestly,
the behavior.
STACEY: We're all, like,
thinking this week
about being a good mom.
And then we're seeing
them do the exact opposite.
TIFFANIE: What are they
teaching their kids?
The way the junior moms
are behaving,
it's eventually gonna rub off
on their daughters.
'Cause if you see your mother
and your role model
acting like that,
you're going to act like that.
And I am shocked that
Abby's okay with this.
KERRI:
We pissed them off.
Us being here,
us getting the lyrical,
our girls walking with Abby
in the...
We get under their skin.
YOLANDA: It wasn't
always like this though.
I think, as our girls get
stronger and stronger,
and‐and closer as a team,
then it's like, wow.
They would not be
this bothered
to this extreme
if they were not threatened.
ASHLEE:
I felt like this week was
a little bit of a fight
for us, but not like
in the normal sense of the word
where we fight with each other.
It was a fight to kind of
just get something together.
HOLLY:
And we don't
want to fight.
Like, on a practical
side, Abby,
do you really want to spend
six to eight hours a week
on one dance?
Like, that...
and that's what happened
this week.
You know, that...
You were concerned that
it wasn't gonna look good
and you were in there
constantly.
I'm gonna say this.
You'll be mad.
Your infatuation...
you're infatuated
with those little kids.
I'm not infatuated with them.
But, see, I think you are.
You want to see what you can
do with them and that's great,
but that doesn't do our kids‐‐
like, they missed out
this week because of that.
ASHLEE: They implied that
we were afraid to dance
against their eight‐year‐olds.
Right.
That's what they
were implying.
Over and over and over
again, they implied that.
Did you look at the faces
on some of those kids?
Don't worry about it. (chuckles)
I still don't even
remember their names.
JILL:
No.
Ana.
There's not an Ana
on that team.
They're all "Ana."
Yeah, they are.
Oh.
(laughter)
Lilliana, Areana...
I think that's why
Gianna isn't here,
'cause she's confused about
where she's supposed to be.
(laughter)
Ooh.
Those are pretty.
JILL: You guys look
like Wonder Woman.
I know.
Hey, I am
Wonder Woman.
You know...
They look so beautiful.
Beautiful costume.
Can you...
KIRA:
Is that a snake?
Yes, there's a snake in my head.
ASHLEE:
I hope people get
that those are
snakes in their hair.
I thought they were
having things
wrapped around their arms.
ASHLEE: It's fine.
At this point,
we've got, like,
ten minutes.
Just got to leave it.
This is it. (laughs)
I think we got the short end
of the stick this week.
The duets are under a lot of
pressure, and Nia and Kendall
need to prove themselves
to Abby,
'cause last time
they did a duet together,
it did not work out.
But it's so important for Kalani
and Brynn to pull out a win.
Kalani has a reputation
to uphold in her hometown.
These girls should've came in
with this elaborate makeup...
and their arms painted and...
These girls deserve
so much better.
SARI: Listen, we're gonna go out
and we're gonna
support the juniors
and their duos, right?
And they're amazing, and I want
you girls to look up to them.
Right? Even if they don't
always want‐want us here.
We're gonna be supportive
and show Abby
that that's why we're here
and to support the entire ALDC.
Okay, let's go, girls.
You ready?
Yeah.
Okay.
(whispers):
♪ Come if you're curious... ♪
ABBY LEE:
Don't fall off that heel.
You heard it.
You knew it was wrong.
♪ Pull the tricks
out of my sleeve ♪
♪ All you find
is yours to keep. ♪
ABBY LEE:
Hi, girls.
GIRLS: Hi.
SARI: We wanted to come
in and wish the duos
good luck, huh?
Thanks.
ASHLEE:
Thank you.
KIRA: You have,
like, ten minutes.
Why didn't we decide
to do this...?
GIRLS:
Good‐bye.
TIFFANIE:
All right, come on, guys.
Okay.
We'll go watch. Good luck.
They just wanted to wish
you girls good luck.
Good luck.
JILL: I think the mini moms
are not team players.
All they want is attention.
And that's all fine and dandy,
but we're getting ready.
The kids have their performance.
We've got to be on stage
in two minutes.
So, even though
they love the minis...
they're just too busy
with everything else.
Girls,
come on up here, let's go.
All right, listen.
You step out
on that stage,
they're gonna judge you
on that kick, on that leap,
on that turn.
They're gonna judge you
on partner work
because you're
doing a duet.
You two are
two independent pop stars.
You're not
Sonny and Cher.
"Prettier Than Poison."
So you need
to be evil, you need to be dark.
You need to be poisonous,
but you need to stay beautiful.
That means your lines,
your movements.
You're enticing.
People want to come closer
to you, but then you're gonna
(hisses) attack.
All right?
That's what I need to see.
Game faces.
KIRA:
Game on, everybody!
Play ball!
KALANI:
So, we're in our home state.
BRYNN: Hi.
KALANI: And that's...
and, you know,
it's a big deal
to look good
in our home state.
We don't want
to look like a mess
and be bad and everything.
(crowd cheering)
We have to just be perfect today
and be amazing and awesome.
Even though
we have these lemons
all over us. (laughs)
They're limes.
These limes
all over us.
They don't look
like snakes at all.
They don't look like snakes.
We look stupid.
But it doesn't matter
because our dance is great
and we just got
to do it, okay?
Okay.
We can do it.
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight...
(both counting quickly)
Kiss, kiss.
Okay, let's go.
Good luck. Let's do it.
ANNOUNCER:
All right, next up, from ALDC,
"Prettier Than Poison."
(crowd cheering)
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
You are a doctor! You're ruining
your practice right now.
Get a brain!
Let's go. You're right.
(gasps)
Don't you push somebody!
KIRA: Then get out of my way.
KERRI: Really?!
You're a role model!
For who?!
ANNOUNCER:
All right, next up,
from ALDC,
"Prettier Than Poison."
(crowd cheering)
ASHLEE: We left Arizona
to come train with Abby.
We left really good training,
so...
Brynn and Kalani have to prove
that they haven't lost anything
by dancing with Abby.
They have to prove that
they've actually gotten better
and that they can still win,
even in a tough state
like Arizona.
♪ ♪
♪ Come if you're curious ♪
♪ To see ♪
♪ Pull the tricks ♪
♪ Out of my sleeve ♪
♪ All you find ♪
♪ Is yours to keep ♪
♪ Brave, are you brave enough ♪
♪ To meet ♪
♪ The desires that you seek ♪
♪ Hold my hand,
I'll set you free ♪
♪ Welcome to
the devil's playground ♪
♪ You can tread
where demons play ♪
♪ It's your candy land
where dreamers dance ♪
♪ And I promise that it's safe ♪
♪ Welcome to
the devil's playground ♪
♪ You can look
and you can touch ♪
♪ It's a real fine day
at the black parade ♪
♪ And I swear ♪
♪ It won't cost much. ♪
(music ends)
(crowd cheering)
(whoops)
That was good.
Were we together?
I think so.
NIA: Good job, guys.
KALANI: Did you watch it all?
NIA: No.
Was it together, JoJo?
Was it good?
Yeah, it didn't suck.
Good job.
Thanks.
This dance competition
is not just about beating
Brynn and Kalani.
Nia and Kendall also have
something to prove to Abby.
Can they have
a fabulous performance
after what happened
the last time?
ANNOUNCER:
Next up from ALDC,
"Pop Stars."
(crowd cheering)
♪ Ooh, ooh, ah,
I'm gonna be a pop ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Slow down ♪
♪ You think you've
got me figured out ♪
♪ Am I supposed
to take you seriously? ♪
♪ Nice try ♪
♪ But I'm not even listening ♪
♪ Stop now ♪
♪ And soon you'll understand ♪
♪ Whoa‐oh, oh, whoa‐oh, oh ♪
♪ I'll star in every movie
on the silver screen ♪
♪ I'll pose on every page
of every magazine ♪
♪ On every song you hear,
you're gonna hear me sing ♪
♪ I‐I‐I‐I...
I'm gonna hit the top ♪
♪ I'm gonna hit the top ♪
♪ I'm gonna be a pop star ♪
♪ I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna hit the top ♪
♪ I'm gonna be a pop star ♪
♪ I'm gonna be ♪
♪ I'm gonna be a pop ♪
♪ Yes, I will ♪
♪ Aw, yeah. ♪
(music ends)
(crowd cheering)
Nia and Kendall
have some bad luck
when it comes to their duets.
Nia had a major
wardrobe malfunction
when her costume strap broke.
But I think the girls
learned a lot from last time,
and they didn't miss a beat.
I don't think
anyone noticed a problem,
and I'm so proud of that.
STACEY: Hey, can I talk
to you guys real quick?
We've been sitting here watching
and supporting the elites,
but they were definitely not
supporting our girls earlier.
I believe in
speaking up for yourself
and not keeping your anger in.
If they don't like it,
that's too bad.
JILL:
Hi, ladies.
STACEY: How are you?
KERRI: Hi.
Good.
Good, good, good.
What's going on?
STACEY:
Oh, it's just...
my daughter's seven years old.
She's been idolizing
these girls since
she's probably two.
And then she goes in to wish
them good luck, and the girls
are rude to her.
That makes me sick to my
stomach. That's wrong.
And the majority of the girls
are old enough to know better.
STACEY: Exactly.
KERRI: Yeah.
I can't even. I can't even.
KIRA: Let's go.
I'm not playing the game with
you guys, saying our kids
are being mean to your
kids; that's ridiculous.
I am not playing that game.
No.
JILL: Right. What‐what
constitutes being mean?
ASHLEE: Exactly.
Staying focused and
getting their dance done?
They're trying to get
ready to do their duo,
and so they're not
paying attention to them,
and that's mean?
JILL: Right.
KIRA:
It's not their job.
No.
Their job is
to come here,
focus,
learn their group routine,
learn their duets,
and go on stage
and look fabulous.
You can walk right
back the other way.
No, no, no, no, I just...
Nobody wants to see
any of you right now.
You guys are belittling
our children, you are...
you're all disgusting parents.
STACEY: I'm sorry, wh...
No, because
you walked away within,
like, 30 seconds.
You know what?
You are a doctor. You're ruining
your practice right now.
Get a brain!
I don't think you would know
how to ruin my practice.
Now, get out.
Get out. Get out!
Do you have
the same degrees...
Get out!
TIFFANIE: We don't see
your children here.
No. I'm not afraid of you.
Yes. That's good.
They're coming. They're on
their way. Kindly leave.
Kindly leave! Really.
We've had it with you.
This is embarrassing.
JILL: They can stay here.
They can...
Let them have it.
Then let's go.
You're right.
(gasps)
Don't you push somebody!
Then get out of my way.
Oh, my God.
Really?!
She did not.
KIRA:
Then get out of my way.
You have issues, Kira!
Call the police.
You're a role model?!
For who?!
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
We can't do this every week.
And you cannot become
the mother that is
constantly telling your kid,
"This is amazing.
You're amazing."
Kira physically threw
us out of the way.
Nobody cares.
KERRI:
God!
She's crazy. Crazy.
KERRI: Whew!
Kira's trash.
That's what she is.
She's entitled trash.
HOLLY:
Girls, backstage,
do not engage in
any negative way‐‐ not saying
that you would, I'm not saying
that you have‐‐ with the minis.
KALANI: We're kind of in crunch
time before we go on stage,
getting ready
to go on for our duet.
So it's hard to spend time
with the minis.
I felt bad, but
I hope that the whole situation
gets resolved,
'cause we love to have those
little girls on our team.
♪ ♪
Okay, guys, a thing
with the stances
is when you think
you want to go, don't go.
Wait another second.
It's like, you want to go,
it's like, oh, oh.
There we go. You know?
Wait‐wait one second.
KENDALL:
Also, we just decided...
Guys, on the breath,
we decided
it's here, not here.
BRYNN:
Last night, the girls and Gia,
we all made up choreography,
because if we improv'd
the whole entire dance,
it probably wouldn't be good.
And we decided
to get our own costumes,
our own everything.
And now that we have
a contemporary dance,
I'm very confident
that we have a good chance.
All right, quiet. I'm gonna go
get them. We're gonna get...
JILL:
Okay, but this is great, Abby.
Wait...
This is beautiful.
Gia, thank you.
ABBY LEE: Okay...
JILL: But we can't do this every
week. This cannot become...
No, no, no.
And you cannot...
become the mother
that is constantly
telling your kid,
"This is amazing. You're
amazing. You're amazing.
You're amazing." Because
what they did is amazing...
I wasn't telling her... That,
what they did, was amazing,
but that's only
gonna work so long.
They all still
have room for improvement.
We all do.
HOLLY:
Oh, absolutely. We know that.
Trust me.
HOLLY: Believe us.
I get that.
Minis!
HOLLY: Abby is not happy
that the girls have helped
choreograph that improv piece.
Not at all.
Because Abby won't get
any credit from it.
You know, Abby's so humble.
Not.
So, she has checked out.
NIA: Yeah.
Okay.
Ladies...
I need to see
beautiful children.
beautiful technique.
I need to see
perfection out there.
Not like it's a hot mess
and your timing's
all over the place.
ELLIANA:
This is a little scary
for our first lyrical routine,
'cause we have to really
tell a story and also
show your emotions,
and jazz is just like...
And, like,
I do not want Miss Abby
and Miss Gianna to say,
"It's a hot mess."
ABBY LEE:
Everybody ready? Let's go.
We just don't want the kids
to hear, but we just wanted
to let you know, I don't know
if anyone told you yet,
but when we came in,
Kira pushed me
and Tiffanie,
physically threw us
out of the way.
Were you injured in any way?
No, I'm not injured. I just...
I don't feel
like it's...
I'm not comfortable with
that going on either.
SARI:
It's just wrong.
We should have self control
not to put our hands
on other people.
I‐I don't know what to say.
Sometimes...
it happens, you know.
But it's still not right.
I think that you're an adult
and you're a professional,
and if you need to do
something legally,
then you should do it.
I really think though...
don't say a word,
just let the kids dance.
Let the talent speak for itself.
I don't think the junior elite
competition team mothers
are behaving well either.
They should be the role models,
and they're not.
I'm getting pulled
in 50 different directions,
and there's two teams here.
I can handle two teams.
But stop the,
"Oh, well, she said this
and she said that
and blah, blah, blah,"
because nobody cares.
I only care that your kid's
legs are straight
and her feet are pointed.
At the end of the day,
you're all the ALDC.
AREANA:
We need to
go out there and prove to Abby
that we are great
at doing lyrical dance.
So that means we have
to do it extra good.
Not just good, but great.
Extra great.
ANNOUNCER: Up next, from ALDC,
"Wait for Me, Mom."
(crowd cheering)
TIFFANIE: These girls need
to prove to Abby that they are
more than capable of doing
a lyrical routine.
Especially for the fact that
it's kind of based around
Abby's mother.
We have to impress Abby.
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
HOLLY:
They said disparaging remarks
about our team.
If you don't want to work
with our kids, say the words.
ABBY LEE: Okay. Be careful
what you wish for.
ANNOUNCER:
Up next, from ALDC,
"Wait for Me, Mom."
(crowd cheering)
♪ We were children ♪
♪ We played hide and go seek ♪
♪ On the playground ♪
♪ I remember ♪
♪ All the hours ♪
♪ I spent hunting around ♪
♪ Slides and swings ♪
♪ Up and down ♪
♪ Until I found you ♪
♪ Wherever you wait for me ♪
♪ Wherever you wait
for me ♪
♪ Wherever you hide ♪
♪ Wherever you wait for me ♪
♪ Please save a place for me ♪
♪ And make it easy to find ♪
♪ Ooh, make it easy ♪
♪ To find. ♪
(music ends)
(crowd cheering)
LILLIANA: I think
that we did a really good job,
and I was just really happy that
she gave us an opportunity
to do another genre.
Because I like lyrical
more than jazz.
But that's only a little.
(chuckles)
ALL: One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight.
(all continue counting rapidly)
Love you, guys.
Good luck, guys.
Let's go.
Don't suck.
HOLLY: The mini team has been
such a burden here at the ALDC,
taking Abby's time and attention
away from our girls.
I'm so proud of the fact
that the girls refused
to do a dance that they didn't
want to perform
and choreographed something
else, pretty much on their own.
But I'm not sure
how this will turn out.
It is either
going to be amazing
or it's gonna be a disaster.
ANNOUNCER: All right, Phoenix,
up next, from ALDC,
"Why Wait?"
Go, girls!
(crowd cheering)
(gentle piano music playing)
♪ ♪
(music pauses)
(music ends)
(crowd cheering)
(whooping)
JILL:
These kids are amazing.
I see why the fans come out
to see them.
And it's one thing
to do improv,
but it's another thing
to choreograph a dance.
Egg on your face, Abby,
for not wanting these kids
to be amazing.
And I've never been prouder
of my daughter.
(crowd cheering)
♪ ♪
ANNOUNCER:
We're going to start out today
with teen advanced duet trios.
KIRA:
Arizona has tough competition,
and Nia and Kendall,
even with
the costume malfunction,
they danced fabulous.
It's so important that
Kalani wins here in Arizona,
'cause she's in her home state,
so she has a lot to prove.
Third place...
...number 25, "Pop Stars"!
(applause)
JILL: It's heartbreaking for me
that every time Kendall and Nia
do a duet together, somehow
it gets jinxed.
But the fact that those girls
looked so great on stage,
and stuck it out,
I'm really, really
proud of them.
ANNOUNCER:
Second place...
...number 24,
"Prettier Than Poison."
(applause)
KALANI: I'm not the one
to really, like,
"Oh, my gosh,
I didn't win first place.
I'm gonna cry in my bed
forever."
But losing today was extra hard
because I was in my home state.
So I think that it was just
kind of like, "Let's move on."
All right, mini advanced groups.
KERRI: Often at times,
I walk into competition,
and I feel so nervous,
but today, I'm confident
in these girls.
This lyrical number
is beautiful.
It's a tribute to mothers.
And it's important
that we win this week
to show Abby that our girls can
do more than classic jazz.
ANNOUNCER:
In third place...
...number 16, "Bright."
(crowd cheering)
In second place...
...number 66,
"Close Every Door."
(crowd cheering)
And our first place,
mini advanced groups...
...goes to Number 89,
"Wait for Me, Mom"!
(whooping)
(crowd cheering)
ABBY LEE:
I'm glad the mini team won,
especially because
it was all about Mother's Day.
I always feel like a mother
to my students,
and I am so proud
that they proved themselves
with a lyrical routine.
All right, moving on.
Teen advanced groups.
ASHLEE: I really am proud
of the kids to be able to say,
"Hey, this walker dance
is not something
we want to do on stage,"
and be on board with getting
something together last minute.
The downside to this dance is
that if the girls
don't win with it,
Abby's gonna say,
"Well, look what happened.
"I didn't have my hand in it,
and you guys didn't do
very well."
If they do win,
they're able to say,
"Look what we were able to do
without Abby."
In third place...
ABBY LEE:
Coming up on Dance Moms...
I want these girls to shine
on stage.
HOLLY: Their intent is to take
our girls down.
You're either on our ship,
or on that ship.
What?
ANNOUNCER:
All right, moving on.
Teen advanced groups.
KALANI: I think Abby's gonna be
very upset
if we don't win
with "Why Wait?"
We scratched the first number
because it wasn't going to win,
so if we don't
come out here and win,
it's gonna be no good for us.
ANNOUNCER:
In third place...
number 11, "The Nicest Kids."
(crowd cheering)
In second place...
...number 34, "Lost Girls."
(crowd cheering)
And in first place...
...number 90, "Why Wait?"
(crowd cheering)
Come on up here, ladies.
Do you want to thank
your choreographer?
GIRLS:
Thank you!
Who was your
choreographer today?
Us!
ANNOUNCER: Did you guys
choreograph this yourselves?
Oh, my gosh. Amazing, ladies.
Tell everybody loud and proud
where you dance.
GIRLS:
Abby Lee Dance Company!
(crowd cheering)
This is one dance that Abby...
can't take any credit for.
The girls and Gia
pulled this off
without Abby's input whatsoever.
(women aahing)
JILL:
Aren't they beautiful?
Happy Mother's Day.
HOLLY: Oh, so sweet.
Oh, these are lovely!
HOLLY:
Well, this is uplifting,
because it's been a
rough week. (chuckles)
Maybe it's an upswing.
I don't know.
JESSALYNN:
I think these mini moms
are just clueless.
You know, if we wanted them
in our dressing room,
we would invite them.
(gasps)
Oh...
That's beautiful.
(gasps)
Thank you.
That's beautiful.
And then we wrote
something on the back.
Oh, thank you, girls.
I‐I know that cost a lot.
Thank you very much.
Do you guys know who
that is on that picture?
No, no, what's her name?
That's...
I think it's comical;
they don't even know who she is.
They don't even know her name.
I think they're out for self.
They want Instagram followers,
and they want to be stars.
They're not worried about
anybody but themselves.
HOLLY: Abby, they said
disparaging remarks about
our team.
I think our kids'
actions speak loudly.
They've been doing this for
hundreds of weeks.
Child to child,
the children don't have issues
with each other.
Right.
And we've had lots of kids
coming and going,
visiting the team.
Have you ever had
an instance
where a guest
said anything negative
about the way our girls
have treated them?
ABBY LEE:
No.
Different kids
have come in. Uh...
They are so... overwhelmed
to even be sharing the
stage with our kids.
And my point is
that shows you the intent.
Their intent is to
take our girls down.
Their intent is
not to share the stage
with our girls.
And you've allowed it to happen.
"You're the next generation.
"They're washed up.
You're coming in.
You're taking their place."
HOLLY: And your
actions show that.
KIRA:
I think by... but, Abby,
by how much time you spent
with them this week,
and how little time
you spent with our girls,
you just gave them
so much power over us.
We have an improv dance, because
we don't have a group dance.
No, you had a group dance.
But it was not good enough.
It was not... No.
KIRA: Abby, that
group dance was not
putting your best foot forward.
That group dance was not,
"I want these girls
to shine on stage."
That group dance
was thrown together
in 30 minutes.
Those minis had three hours.
JESSALYNN: Here's the thing‐‐
what's done is done.
We can't go back
and redo the week.
The week is said and done.
The dance is said and done,
but we need to know
where you stand,
because your
behavior right now
is gonna decide
what we do next week.
Well, my behavior is
what I choose it to be.
So, if you don't care...
I'm a grown adult
and I can do whatever I want.
That's fine.
Then the writing is on the wall.
No, the writing is
not on the wall.
We need to know where you stand.
KIRA:
I'm not gonna let...
JESSALYNN: This is not
happening again next week.
No.
I am not letting a bunch of
mothers of seven‐year‐olds
come in here and
degrade our children.
So you're either on our ship
or on that ship.
ABBY LEE:
This week was very difficult
and very emotional for me.
Now the mothers are
giving me this ultimatum.
They have no idea
what I'm going through.
They should be afraid
of the consequences.
If you don't want to work
with our kids,
say the words.
ABBY LEE: Okay.
Be careful what
you wish for.
ABBY LEE:
Next on Dance Moms...
Is this the end
of the road?
Is this the end of the road
for me?
Is this the end of the
road for all of you?
We're going into battle.
The elite team moms
don't want us here.
Get your money back
for that PhD, sweetie.
Okay.
Get out!
Mind your business, Mom.
Whoever the highest
placing duet
will have a solo next week.
KIRA:
There has not been a solo
given out this season yet;
it should clearly go
to one of the junior kids.
HOLLY: Yeah, she just
kind of leapfrogged over
pretty much everyone
on the team.